
in no particular order:

BUGS: 
  when running two fw uploads, the second one will not run easily.
  need to wait for transaction to timeout...  perhaps randomize id?

  partition types do not appear to be correctly displayed...
   some confusion between NTFS vs. EXT3  no obvious ill effect.

  partition type should pre-select in Format dialog...

  memory consumption on the GUI. still chews up 4 MB per hour...

gnats:
  man page does not document output.  
  -- what is the meaning of the output? provide a sample...

  help pages?

review print statements:
  commands are now perhaps too verbose by default.
   -- modify to ease parsing, add verbosity option to get current level.
  should they write to stderr?


STANDARD menu entries for droboview...

MULTIPLE LUN support:
  ON multiple Drobos with a single LUN:
        That is the assumed case.  In that case, when you invoke ./droboview,
        it will start up one GUI per Drobo.

  ON MULTIPLE LUNS on a single Drobo:
        Currently it will start up one GUI per LUN, which will get confusing.

        Don´t know how to tell when two ways to get at a single drobo are
        the same one.  Serial number?

        cannot test this configuration.  anyone want to send me a couple
        of terabytes?


Better STATUS progress reporting:
   -- the block count is there, but heuristics for determining timing suck.
   -- some sort of indicator of how long 'relay out' will be in progress.
   -- when it is busy, it should say so... like when I emptied an
      ntfs it took hours for the led indicators to drop from 70% to 0.
      It should say something about what is going on.


Documentation Dialogs:
   -- maybe a help window.


LIVELIER GUI:
   -- have status queries proceed asynchronously from the GUI.
      right now, if the drobo is slow, the GUI makes it slower, and gets very slow too.
      should run as a daemon, async. from the GUI.

Re-design the whole darn thing.
   -- there should be some sort of service integrated with dbus-hal
   -- not sure that a GUI is needed at all. but if it is, it should be a DBUS client.
   -- how does authentication work in DBUS?


   of interest:
   -- python bindings for parted... http://dcantrel.fedorapeople.org/pyparted/


use ctypes to replace the C stub...


Revision date: 2008/12/27

copyright:

Drobo Utils Copyright (C) 2008  Peter Silva (Peter.A.Silva@gmail.com)
Drobo Utils comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; For details type see the file
named COPYING in the root of the source directory tree.
